[music]
[Peter] All right guys.
Here we are, Pine Bluff.
According to last census,
America's fastest shrinking city.
I believe it was a 12.5% decline.
Empty streets.
First impressions,
has a bit of an eerie feel to it.
The population went from 2010 to 2020,
from roughly 49,000 to 41,000.
Now I believe it's around,
these are rough numbers,
around 38,000.
So declines like that,
drastic declines,
happen for a reason.
And the goal of today is to
meet some locals.
Get their take on their city.
What's going on currently.
What happened? Where are things going?
Look at this old theater.
You've got the ticket booth here.
I'm sure in the '50s, and the '60s,
maybe the '70s,
this was just thriving.
Listen to that.
[flickering sound]
These little plastic pieces.
People coming up,
"One ticket please."
And you go to the matinee.
See a movie
with your family and friends.
Not long ago,
noises of laughter
and children running around.
And this is some
dangerous infrastructure for sure.
Oh look at this beauty.
This is built in style.
When things were built with pride.
When design was a concern.
Here we have a place for sale by owner.
This one's falling in on itself.
I mean there's literally
nobody around you guys.
We're gonna talk to
the first person we see.
That's a beautiful mural though.
University of Arkansas.
There's a university I believe
on the side of this town.
The only noises are electric boxes
and the very occasional car going by.
Vines taking over
the side of these buildings.
So Pine Bluff has one of
the roughest reputations in Arkansas.
Violent crime per 1,000 is around 16.
National is around 4.
So way over the national average.
Homicides 2025,
were 16.
That's worse than New Orleans,
Baltimore, Detroit, per capita.
So 41 per 100,000.
And this year already has eight.
So it's in a bit of a rough place
from the statistics at least.
But that's not the full story. Definitely.
First impression,
there's no one down here to feel
it's really any dangerous.
And look at this beauty.
It says Hood right above the entryway.
This is interesting.
"Like the proverbial monster
that destroyed its creator,
government has become that which will
destroy the very rights and freedoms
it was established to protect.
We have the power to stop it though
without bloody violence.
Okay we got a lot here.
The only change by Democrats
and Republicans would be bigger government
and more violation of our rights.
There is an alternative.
This is the Libertarian Party.
If you're for more freedom
and less government
then you are indeed a Libertarian.
Okay there we go.
We got some political operation here.
Pine Bluff.
I think this is the courthouse
or some government building.
Excuse me, sir.
-Is this courthouse still in operation?
-Yes.
-Are you from Pine Bluff?
What's it like right now?
How are things?
-The state of the city?
-Yeah.
[scoffs]
It's not all that great right now.
The economy is terrible.
All the jobs are leaving.
It just seems like it's a conspiracy
to make sure it stays this way.
It's in somebody's best interest if
Pine Bluff stays in the shape that it's in.
-You think so?
-I believe so. I've been here all my life.
Other than my six years in the military.
-Nice. Thank you, sir.
-I came right back.
And anybody who wants to
move the city forward,
they don't last long around here.
-Okay.
So what I'm seeing, I've literally
been here 15 minutes, first time.
[man shouting in the distance]
-What's that?
-[shouting continues]
-No this man has dementia.
-Okay. Okay.
-What's your name?
-My name is Anthony Royal.
Anthony, Peter Santenello.
Okay.
So I'm seeing beautiful old architecture.
Mm-hmm.
So when you were young was this place
thriving or what was it like?
The entire downtown was full.
We had businesses
always in operation, movie theaters.
We had everything
that Little Rock or Memphis had.
Little Rock and Pine Bluff
was neck and neck…
-Seriously?
-Mm-hmm.
Early '80s
we had close to 70,000 people here.
Around the '90s, our industrial park
seemed like it started to close down.
Businesses started to leave one by one.
-So everyone was employed, working?
Everybody was employed.
The city was moving forward.
-It was a safe town back in the day?
I believe so.
I mean you gon' have crime everywhere.
If you consider the crime here
with the population that we had
we're no different
than any other city in Arkansas.
But it just seems to be
highlighted more so here.
In my opinion
it's in someone's best interest
for Pine Bluff to stay
in the state that it's in right now.
Because every time we attempt to grow,
every time we take two steps forward,
they knock us back four or five.
We have so much corruption
within the city right now.
-You feel okay saying that
working for the city?
Well I work for the county.
-Oh okay.
-[laughter]
But we got it in the county too.
So you're saying serious corruption here?
Serious corruption
and nobody seems to do anything about it.
We appealed to the governor,
legislative offices at the capital.
Let's help us corral
some of the stuff that's going on.
-Why are you holding out?
You could move somewhere else.
Well my main reason for being here
when I came back is I have children.
Right now I just feel like I'm too old
to go anywhere. I'm almost 60.
-It's your place? You grew up here?
-Yeah.
It was a nice town. We had a nice mix.
You know we were almost 50-50
Black, White population.
Everyone got along pretty well?
We never had any…
-There was no beef?
Not in my lifetime.
-Once again, my opinion.
-You think it can come back?
I believe it can
but we gotta clean the city.
All right. Well you're part of it.
You just mowed this lawn. It looks nice.
Thank you. Thank you.
I'm trying to edge now. Yes sir.
-Take care.
So I've only been in Arkansas
for a couple days.
But that's what it's like
as far as friendliness.
Everyone is super friendly
and willing to share.
And when you're making videos
that's what you want.
[train passes]
So the economy here in the early 1800s,
cotton, like so much of this region.
Railroad came in 1873.
End of the 1800s,
river commerce brought in industry.
The lumber, the timber industry flourished.
And then I read
there was a big flood, 1927.
And that really knocked the place down.
And then as the man said,
the industry went away.
People left, unemployment rose, crime rose.
I mean there might be someone
still living in there. Who knows?
If you're homeless there are
a lot of vacant places for shelter.
This place has
a post-apocalyptic feel to it.
At least down here.
Look at the nature
just coming right back through.
Nature always wins in the end.
And if this stays like this
the next hundred or so years,
well, there'll be no building left
and it'll just be trees, forests.
This is the opposite of gentrification.
What will Pine Bluff look like
in 10, 20, 30 years?
That's why I love making these videos.
Because the goal is
this is still online in 10, 20, 30 years.
And you can look back at
what society and places were like.
Sort of a pause
on 2026
to go back to.
Here we go. Here's some oxygen.
We have some artists here.
Across the street, a new playground.
Let me put the feeling on here.
It is a bit of Gary, Indiana.
It's a bit of the South.
It's a bit of the Rust Belt.
It's like a nuclear bomb went off
and everyone evacuated pretty much.
Except for a few cars going by.
-You guys are locals here?
-Yes.
-How are things these days?
-Everybody's trying to live and survive.
But to keep a positive mindset
we will say growth.
-It's growing?
-It's growing a lot.
You come look 10 years ago,
it was nowhere near this.
Half the buildings
that were torn down were still up.
Like the ones that are still up.
So there were buildings
that were too far gone?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
I was trying to get into this barber shop
but it's closed huh?
-No, it's open.
-It's open?
-Is this your guy's shop?
-My brother's.
Okay. I like to show off
businesses that are happening.
[Peter] Look at this.
Nice little oasis here.
This is great.
I noticed a new playground down there.
-So there's some energy coming back in?
-Yeah.
We see a lot of the negative
that comes through Pine Bluff
and we try to put a lot of small things
to indicate the positive
because I mean that's all we got now.
We're already a smaller community.
We have to work with what we have.
-And we gotta be thankful.
-Exactly.
You know what I'm saying?
I think right now everybody just
needs to be grateful for what they have.
And if somebody's trying to
build back up Pine Bluff,
then you know that the dream is not lost.
-Okay. Yeah.
So we are the younger generation,
the generation after us,
we're still dreaming.
So we're just happy to see that
there is some type of progress going on.
-Okay. Yeah.
Everything always goes in a cycle, right?
And those guys that were here in '60s,
they were on the top of the cycle.
And then it went down
and then where are we?
I mean every town has this.
Is it hit the bottom
and it's coming back or it's who knows?
I say we scraped the bottom.
Didn't touch it.
You didn't touch it? Okay.
It's definitely coming back.
-Okay. But guys like you
are staying in town.
Young guys what are you in your 20s?
Yeah. I'm 23.
-25.
-Cool. You don't want to leave?
I don't. I mean it's gonna be
a point in time where you have to…
Of course there's other things in life,
opportunities, growth.
But for the time being,
there's no one that's gonna
get to the youth like the youth.
We're the closest to them
when it comes to teenagers.
-Yeah. You guys have an important role.
Yes. Most definitely.
I try my best to be around the kids.
Especially when it comes to sports.
When it comes to just being there
as an advocate, a mentor.
A lot of the kids need that nowadays.
And to piggyback on what he's saying,
for them to see a change come in here
and see people trying to do things,
it kinda motivate them.
Even on the lost dreams
it kinda motivate them
to pick it back up and just try.
-Yeah.
Long as you trying to keep going,
you got to look at it
from a positive angle.
-Look we have social media these days.
It's grabbing attention.
People need real,
in the flesh, positive role models.
-Real life time.
-Yeah.
That's exactly it.
Look at this beauty.
The Hotel Pines constructed in 1912.
It was considered
one of Arkansas's showcase hotels.
Saw the traders, the business people,
coming to downtown here.
Stay at the Hotel Pines.
I'm sure there was
amazing ballroom in there.
Excellent food.
Ornate detail.
The marble floors.
And then one day the people stopped coming.
So this is an interesting corner.
We have this beautiful building.
Old pharmacy. Shoe shop.
Let's check that out.
And then you have Siemens Bank.
Tallest building in town.
And then The Generator.
"An innovation hub
powered by Go Forward Pine Bluff."
They're trying here.
You can tell. New sidewalk.
Innovation hub.
Let's check out what they're doing.
Who's here?
How you doing? What's your name?
-Grace.
-Okay. What's going on here, Grace?
We do like a lot of different
classes for small businesses.
And then sometimes
we do like education purposes
like partner with different schools.
We have the youth program for kids.
And then we just had a session
that helped elderly people with illiteracy.
But you just missed them.
It would have been cool if came.
-They just left?
-Yeah.
Like probably like 30 minutes ago.
Well I'd say 20 minutes ago.
-So you're from Pine Bluff?
-Yeah.
Do you love it? What's your take on it?
It's nice. It's home.
Of course obviously I do want
to see it progress and get better.
But I mean I like the people here.
I love that some of them have the heart
to try to make the city better.
-Like Pops.
-Yeah.
You see how he's trying to
help the community?
I like that we do have people here
like Ms. Kanisha.
I don't know if you ever met her or not.
But she started a micro school out here.
I thought it was the coolest thing ever.
She has a passion for education.
So I thought that was cool.
-Okay. So you think you're gonna stay?
Um… Probably not.
Because I mean
once I finish school and everything
I do want to venture out and explore.
But I mean
I really want to be able to hopefully
be in a time of life
where I can give back to my community.
But I do want to leave
and go to different countries and stuff.
God's Hospital.
Henry Marx Company
Best Clothes in Town
Shoe Express.
I feel like this is how it was
57 years ago.
Like exactly.
[whistling]
-You just had this fixed up, your purse?
-Yes.
He had fixed it up once.
Now he's fixed it up again.
You thought I had a gun?
Yeah. When you were coming down there
it looked like a gun.
I said surely he's not doing nothing.
Then you came in here
I could tell it was something different.
-It was a GoPro. Yeah.
I guess with the stick
it looks like a gun a little bit.
[man] It's $22.15.
-I'm Peter.
-I'm Mary, how are you?
Mary. Great to meet you ma'am.
Santenello.
-What is that?
-Italian.
-Italian?
-Yeah.
The guy that taught me shoe repair
was Italian.
I learnt this trade through him.
Junior high school.
-The Italian guy?
-That's the guy. Dave Lupo.
And maybe you'll pass it on
to someone else?
-I pray I do.
This art right here is just well needed.
People still need it.
This used to be a men's store.
A high dollar men's store.
If you wanted a nice suit, tie, shirt.
-And it still is?  Get a suit.
-Yeah.
I don't care as much as the guy
that Henry and Marx used to carry
or Mark Bell.
I just brought in a few things to wear as
sometimes people just want to
buy in store instead of online.
-Yeah? Try it on?
-Try it on.
See what you like and if it's not
the size you want I can always order it.
A lot of people that's what they do.
Come on I'll show you my shop.
My main goal is fixing shoes.
That's an art form. Oh yeah.
I put soles and heels in boots.
-This is classic huh? This machine?
This machine was built in the early '60s.
-It must weigh a ton.
-Oh, it does.
[machine clacks and whirrs]
Put the boot on here, sews it up.
Sews your sole back on.
Another machine here.
[machine whirrs and clacks]
And what that does is
it sews your sole back on your shoes.
This machine right here is a sander.
Put a new sole on here.
[machine whirrs]
-You like doing it?
Love it.
I grew up here and so that's when
things were really flourishing downtown
but over the years
I saw it just kind of dwindle down.
And I blame it on Walmart
because when Walmart was at the mall
it was flourishing
and everything was going.
And then they moved to one central location
which was out by the freeway.
It drew all the businesses out.
It sucked out the businesses.
But we're coming back.
There's a lot of traffic
always flowing downtown.
It's coming back.
[siren blaring]
You can see how we started
way down there at the end of the street
there at the courthouse
came all the way up Main Street
and it turns to this
which is very interesting.
Some money has definitely
come into this town for a place this size.
That is a sweet looking library
I gotta say.
And then what is this?
The University of Arkansas Pine Bluff
Business Support Incubator
and Office Complex.
Let's go in this library
and get a look-see.
Yeah so quite impressive I gotta say.
And just literally a stone's throw
from those buildings that are falling down,
you have this.
And as a creator I want to tell you guys.
I could come into this town,
just focus purely on the blight.
Probably have a more viral video doing so.
Because it's maybe more interesting
than the library.
But I want to be as fair as possible
to the locals here.
But also to you, the audience,
because right now on the Internet
the model of extremes works pretty good.
And, you know,
libraries aren't what people click on.
I don't know what this was.
Look at the size of this place.
Nice I-beam construction here.
It's probably too far gone.
All right guys. I was told
there's a place called Rich's Burgers.
Closes at 1:00.
We have about 10 minutes.
It's a Pine Bluff staple.
Trying to get there before
it shuts down.
You know that woman in the shop
was scared when she saw me.
Because she thought I had a gun.
When you're running with a GoPro
that looks sort of like a gun in Pine Bluff
it looks a little suspect.
But I've got my head on a swivel.
We're doing okay.
All right there it is.
Rich's Hamburgers.
See it out there? Open sign.
-You're telling me a hamburger is $2.35?
-Yep.
That's the best price
I've seen in 20 years.
I'll do cheeseburger.
-You want regular fries or Cajun fries?
-Cajun.
-What's the drink?
-Just water's fine.
-Cash only right?
-Cash or checks.
-I like your style.
-$7.30.
I like your style.
I like your style more. Keep the change.
That's a tip for you, ma'am.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-You're Rich's mom.
-Yes I am.
Okay. You proud of him
doing these burgers for so many years?
Oh yeah.
He's been here 39 years.
Be 40 years in October, Halloween day.
All right guys.
I want to talk to you about something
happening behind the scenes to all of us.
Our personal data
gets hoovered up by data brokers
and sold all across the Internet.
So earlier this year I found
a solution to this problem, Incogni.
Incogni is a
personal information removal service
that wipes youreslf from the Internet.
We have the right
to remove ourselves from these lists.
But to try to do this one by one
would be a full-time job.
I started using Incogni in February
and I've seen exceptional results.
Here's my dashboard where I've been removed
from 1,448 data brokers.
You can see here all of the data brokers
that have tried to poach
my personal information.
For me I currently have
237 that are being removed.
So what you need to do
is sign up to Incogni
and they'll do the consistent,
constant in-the-background work
of removing you from these websites.
So I've received
way less spam emails, spam calls,
junk mail, which removes
one of life's biggest annoyances.
And since this is a game like whack-a-mole
you can't just do this once and be done.
It's a constant process
and that's why having Incogni working
24-7, 365 in the background is crucial.
I strongly suggest
getting Incogni's unlimited plan
which gives the option to request
custom removals from any website.
There's a huge discount if you use
my link down below in the description
to get 60% off an annual plan.
Take back your personal data with Incogni.
Click on the link below
incogni.com/santenello
to get 60% off their annual plan.
Now back to the story.
[Peter] Oh thank you, ma'am.
That is amazing.
-You can set it down right there.
-Oh yeah, thanks.
I'm just doing a series on Arkansas.
I want to show
different perspectives of the state.
Well we go all the way from
the delta to the mountains.
We got everything in Arkansas.
Arkansas is a wonderful state.
I've only been here two days.
Everyone's very nice.
That's our biggest asset right now
is our population.
There are some fine people lived here.
-And your name ma'am?
-Betty Motes.
Betty Motes. Okay.
-And you're Peter what?
-Santenello.
Santenello.
-I'll just eat right here, right?
-If you want to.
Betty can you hold the camera one second?
I want to show this hamburger.
-I got it.
-You ready? You got that?
So a Rich's hamburger…
[Peter chuckles]
Betty, we're gonna turn that around.
Turn that camera around. Ready?
-There we go.
-Alrighty.
Okay. Rich's hamburgers.
You're getting a nice soft bun,
a nice Patty.
I didn't go for the Mayo or the onions
but that's standard.
-That's all right.
-That's standard.
And if you just do
the normal hamburger it's $2.30.
$2.35 with the pickle and onion.
$2.35.
-Cheeseburger is $4.25.
And you're getting fries.
-You got the meal which is $9.25.
-And I got the full meal.
-Uh-huh.
You got the jumbo cheeseburger,
the fry, and the 32 ounce soda.
But you can come in here…
Sorry I'm not a pickles guy.
You can come in here,
and eat a dinner for under five bucks.
-A lot of people
just get the burger and the drink.
How much is that?
-Seven dollars.
Okay so under ten bucks
you can eat a great meal.
Oh under ten dollars
you get what you got there.
-Tastes good.
-Thank you.
-Real meat.
-Uh-huh.
No soy.
We used to be famous
for our little burgers.
-Regular burgers.
-Okay.
And we had to quit making them
because the company
that we bought it from for 30-some years
quit making that size patty.
And we could not find a small patty
that didn't have soy in it.
We used to sell our little burgers
for like ten for a dollar.
-Okay so as a consumer I never even knew
that they're putting soy in the meat.
Most of the chains have soy.
-How long has that been going on for?
Year and a half.
-It's a new thing?
It's not long.
Year and a half, maybe two years.
-Good to know. Thank you.
Thank you.
[birds chirping]
-You're from here?
-Yeah.
How is it?
Man, little bit of everything.
You know, people trying to find they way.
It's hard though. There's really a
lot of violence down here though.
That's why people say don't come
but it is a lot of good too though.
It's more good than bad.
-Okay.
-It is a lot of bad though.
I was just told to avoid
the far western part of town.
I mean anywhere you go
is gonna be the same.
-You can't get away.
-Okay.
Daytime, fine going around,
night time, watch what you're doing?
I mean daytime, nighttime,
it really don't matter.
-It doesn't matter?
-Nah.
Is it gangs here? What's the dynamic?
Yeah, you got Bloods, Crips, everything.
Pretty much like everywhere else.
But it used to be
one of the most popular cities around here.
Like all celebrities and stuff used to come
until the violence had got so overwhelming.
-Why'd the violence get so bad?
Kids. Young people.
It's younger people.
-So it's the parenting then?
-Right. Right. Exactly. Yeah.
The parenting loosened up.
Kids start off at a young age down here.
Now you got 'em…
Oh man.
I just seen 13 year olds having kids.
13, 14 year olds getting murder charges.
Yeah it's real dirty. It's like serious.
But it's mostly kids though.
Ain't the older people.
-Yeah it's not the dudes my age doing it.
-Nah.
-Not even my age.
-And it's not women either.
Nah.
Well they play a part in it.
Most times when somebody got a problem,
it's about the woman.
-[Peter chuckles]
-You know how it go.
-But the woman's not pulling the trigger.
-Nah.
I mean some of them will
but mostly it's just men though just men.
-How do you turn the ship around
with the kids? What do you think?
-How you gon' cook and you're out here?
-[laughter]
-He got me on video.
-She's busting ya.
You're good.
You said turn around?
Build more things in the community.
Like build more parks and stuff.
Maybe centers, and gyms,
and stuff we can go to.
-But you gotta want it as an individual.
The people gotta want it
or it don't make no diffrence.
-You got a new playground, a nice library.
-Yeah, one right here.
You got another one?
I didn't even go over there. Okay.
There's a whole playground
behind that truck.
-So there's gotta be role models
for the kids to realize,
hey, there's another way.
-Go get a job. Like what you're doing.
-Right.
People work together more,
that would make everything better.
But you gotta start somewhere though.
Somebody's gotta start somewhere.
Alright guys. Let's go check out
some Pine Bluff neighborhoods.
And I wanna show you guys
real estate prices here.
This is gonna blow your mind.
Looks like it's turning night but it's just
serious storm clouds coming in.
Looks like we're gonna get
a lot of thunder.
You see how that guy
just drove pretty much in my lane
but I moved, I dodged, I maneuvered.
Nothing builds skills
like driving in Miami.
Look at this neighborhood.
Big homes, big trees.
Wow.
Okay, here it is.
This one is for sale right here.
Okay.
This home, let me give you the details.
Four beds, four baths, 2,700 square feet.
For a price of…
$96,900.
Bricks, good roof on there.
Have no clue what the inside looks like.
Look at these.
These are beautiful old homes.
But the price is so low
because the crime is so high.
I mean that's the reason unfortunately.
That's the reality.
Let's cruise a couple more
of these neighborhoods.
Look at that place.
I'm gonna pop that one on Zillow.
That is huge.
So you can see
the times of glory not long ago.
Now I was told by some guy on the street
don't go too far west of Main Street
and that's where I'm heading right now.
You know, I'm sure most people
are great back here.
I'm sure there's some good community
but there is just…
It's the reality. There's crime.
You can see people have left.
Things are boarded.
Many less than before.
And this is a difficult shoot guys
because I got some eyeballs.
Got some guys all over my a**.
And I sort of gotta
keep the camera in the car.
Let's go cruise this street, 11th Ave.
So obviously I don't fit in here
by the looks of things.
But then the extra element
is having a camera out your window.
You know, I look like a cop.
I'm sure most think I'm a cop.
So…
It's a bit of a challenge shooting.
I'm not gonna lie but this is interesting.
This is an America
a lot of people don't see.
I'm gonna show you one place in here.
Alright guys,
right here at this intersection
in the beginning of the month
double homicide took place right here.
A nineteen year old
shot and killed
both another nineteen year old
and an eighteen year old.
From what I could find out
the reason was
over $20.
So that kind of stuff
is happening back here.
That's terrible, huh?
A 19 year old killing over twenty bucks.
I mean over any amount of money
is awful but
$20.
That's how little value
human life has for some people.
Unfortunately that's…
That's the reality, you know.
I'm trying my best guys
to balance this town from the outside.
So what do I know exactly?
Obviously I'm not a local.
I don't have the intimate knowledge.
But I want to show what I see,
what I've read,
and try to balance as best as I can.
And I never know
what anyone's gonna say on camera.
Sometimes I'm like why did they say that?
I don't know,
'cause that's what they wanted to say.
And you can agree or disagree.
That's the whole point of this channel.
Like… I tap in.
You hear what people say.
You can agree or disagree.
But at the very least
you can see where they're coming from.
Like why they think that way
or their perspective.
To me, I find that stuff fascinating.
So with Pine Bluff I will not have
a nice tight little answer for you today
at the end of this video.
Some easy here's how it is
because it's many things.
Just like most places are just many things.
And it depends who you talk to.
I mean there are objective facts.
Is it poor here overall? Yes.
Has the population declined big time? Yes.
Is there a lot of crime? Yes.
Those are objective facts.
But in those places there's always
diamonds in the rough and great people.
Majority of the people here,
I'm sure are great people.
And then there's some hardcore thugs
that F it up for everyone.
And there's probably
just too many of them here.
Oh, check this out.
Two stop signs. I've never seen that.
One on top of the other.
Okay here's another house
I want to show you.
So I'm sure all of these lots
had homes at one time.
And then the houses
just burned down or fall down.
People leave so they're not
gonna build new ones.
But check this place out.
Okay guys.
Guess how much this one is. Right here.
Looks in pretty good shape
on the outside.
Here we go.
1,428 square feet.
Two beds one bath.
$25,000.
There you go.
That's it.
25 grand
to live deep in the forest.
Pine Bluff. Next to an abandoned home.
Hear that rain in the leaves?
And it's so dark right now but it's 2:20.
Isn't that crazy?
So the American dream
is not dead in Pine Bluff
if you're making enough money.
And you got a bit of a crime tolerance.
You can pick these things up
for less than like a half year rent
in New York City on a studio apartment.
[jazz music]
[Peter] Alex, I ran into the right guy.
-Because you're a fan of the channel.
-Right. Absolutely man.
I don't watch a lot of like TV and stuff.
I get most of my entertainment
from YouTube.
So certain channels I watch,
I keep up with on a weekly basis.
Okay.
And whenever I got some free time
or I'm down
that's when I catch up on
what Peter's got going on.
I'm lucky I ran into you
and you're taking the time to do this.
Awesome, man. Heck yeah.
'Cause you're gonna show me some stuff
that… you know, I went downtown.
It was great, man.
I met a lot of great people.
The buildings actually,
I find that stuff fascinating.
And then it rained and I had to just
wait it out and it cleared out.
-Yeah.
-And now here you are. So thank you.
Heck yeah, man.
But you're gonna show
there's some other parts of the town.
We talked about off camera.
-Right.
-That I missed today.
Like there's a big casino here.
-Right. Yeah.
-I wanna show that mall that went defunct.
You're gonna show me a house right now.
Your cousin bought it or something?
So my sister's in-laws bought the house.
And it's a really beautiful house
and a really nice neighborhood.
-So this house we're coming up on.
-Yeah.
It's an historic home here in Pine Bluff.
It's built in like the 1860s
right around the Civil War.
So it's a Civil War antebellum home.
There were so many of those here
at one time.
-You grew up here?
-I did not.
I live in Sheridan, more in the country.
It's about 25 minutes away from here.
So we come here a lot
to shop and there's a lot of restaurants.
-Pine Bluff?
-Around Pine Bluff.
-On the outskirts?
-On the outskirts.
Okay.
Unfortunately, we only have burger places.
So if we want something
more than a burger, we come here.
Or if we need to go to the hardware store.
Does it feel dangerous for you?
Yeah, absolutely.
-Here? Pine Bluff?
-Yeah.
Absolutely.
But right now driving?
No. No, not right now driving.
But everybody I know
when they come through Pine Bluff,
they're armed to the teeth
and they got their doors locked.
So because of hijackings, shootings.
Closer to the hospital.
-The nicer it gets.
-Yeah, it starts to get nicer back here.
And a lot of these homes in here
are very well taken care of
compared to what you have seen.
-Yeah. This is another side of Pine Bluff.
[Peter] Look at that.
Nice, beautiful lawns.
-And these places are cheap.
-Yeah.
Right? I mean, I was looking at a place
that was 25 grand.
These are more obviously.
-But probably not more than 100K, right?
-Right.
That's wild. In a country
of high real estate prices,
you can live in this neighborhood
for under 100K.
I work with a lot of people from Nigeria.
That's why they moved to Arkansas.
The market's more affordable here.
Those guys do so well in the US.
They do. Absolutely.
They know what the American dream is
and they're chasing it.
I work with people with disabilities.
Part of my day is hanging out with them
and taking them to the store
and spending quality time with them.
Most of them don't have family anymore.
You are their family.
The elders you meet up with.
Yeah. Absolutely.
That's cool.
So that's very meaningful work.
Yeah. You definitely get rewarded
in that environment.
-It's very rewarding.
-I bet. It's an important job.
Now I feel like I'm starting to drive
into Connecticut for a second, right?
-Is this what neighborhoods
in Connecticut look like?
I have no idea.
I've always wanted to go
somewhere up in the Northeast.
So this is the house
we're coming up on right here.
-This place? Let's get out for a second.
-Yes.
-Can we get out?
-Absolutely.
I'm sure Shane…
looks like his truck's here.
[Peter] What a place.
And we're still in Pine Bluff?
-We're in the city of.
-Right. Yes.
Would have never thought in a million years
how my day started that this would be here.
It's called Crime Bluff,
but we call it Prime Bluff.
But this area, like whenever we moved here,
we literally had like baskets of people
giving us gifts.
And we played Mahjong
with an 82 year old woman.
We have Christmas parties
at Miss Julie's house.
We have Halloween things,
like spread out, this whole thing.
Like all of Pine Bluff comes
and trick or treats.
And it's not like…
I mean, I'm sure that there are areas,
but everybody…
-But out here, you guys are cool?
-Yeah.
-How long you guys lived here?
-Five years.
We came for the house.
We found this house.
This was built for the Bellingraths.
Mrs. Bellingrath went to her honeymoon
and they went to Louisiana,
and they built this house,
and it was like exactly
where they stayed on their honeymoon.
-Can we walk over here?
-Yeah.
It's exactly like
the house where they stayed.
Of course, she put her cool little things
into it like every woman.
So it's 5,700 square foot,
four bedrooms, seven bathrooms.
-What year was it built?
'62.
-Okay.
So it's done with quality and pride.
Oh, yeah. I'll let you in.
It's very nice. Okay.
-You sure?
-This side needs to be loved on.
So I'm putting this on YouTube.
-You're okay with that?
-Oh, yeah.
And are you gonna stay here?
Alex was saying
you guys might be moving.
Well, we own a business in Benton.
Have you been to Benton?
Not Bentonville?
-No, I haven't.
-Yeah. It's a good place.
We own a business there.
So we travel just to live here.
My husband does an hour to work
and an hour back.
-Okay.
So we've considered it over the time.
But I would keep the house.
Can I… and you don't have to answer this,
obviously.
-What did you buy it for?
-It was $305,000.
We had to put about $200,000 in it.
So close the door of $500,000. Yeah.
-Oh, my God.
-Yeah.
$500G for this?
You haven't seen it inside yet too.
-Oh, my God.
Just the woodwork alone,
like the people that did it,
it's irreplaceable.
And we're in 2026 America.
Yes.
This isn't 1972.
No. It's great. It's such a beautiful home.
We're so blessed.
-Oh, and you got a pool?
-Oh, yeah.
We got a pool house.
It just monsooned out here.
So why is it so low?
Because people are just
scared of Pine Bluff?
Yeah. It's just the…
what everybody says about Pine Bluff.
You know, Crime Bluff.
[Peter gasps]
-This is absolutely beautiful.
-It's all the little details.
-Yeah.
-See the inside?
Like it's all wrapped with copper.
The whole house is.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
So, these days
you'd never get a house built like this.
No, no, no, no. And you know…
-Not with copper, not with real metal.
We've been working for about five years
at purchasing a home in Benton.
And we just couldn't.
We couldn't with what I wanted.
-Okay, great kitchen. Nice.
Yeah, well we're kind of
updating the kitchen,
but just redoing a couple things I really
don't want to take away from the house.
All of the wood is like… This is not like
that foam stuff that you can buy at Lowe's.
All of the work that they've done…
So, it was in Arkansas Tours.
The house was in the Smithsonian
because of the woodwork
and the things that…
-Wow.
-Yeah.
Look at this beautiful floor.
-Yeah, it's all marble.
-What a beautiful floor. Look at this.
-Just all these curves.
-It's insane.
They wouldn't do that these days
unless you're spending a fortune.
-'Cause it would cost a fortune.
-Yeah.
I love all the doors.
All of these came from this place
in New York and they're just solid brass.
-They're just so cool.
-Right.
Yeah, everything's got quality.
All of the little, you know,
the little closets that just…
-Okay, if someone came up to you today
and said, okay, $700,000.
I've had somebody do that
and I didn't because we've decided to stay.
So, this is the room
that we spend all of our time in.
This is so awesome.
So, it's got two fireplaces.
And then, of course,
you know, it's overlooking…
-And look at these big paned windows.
-Yeah.
And these are original.
We changed out quite a few of them.
So, for the price of the most rundown,
disgusting one bedroom
in the Bay Area, California.
-How much?
-Well, it'd be $500,000.
-You could get this.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-Wow.
So, you know what I like about this too?
What I've seen in Arkansas?
A lot of people are bummed out
in the country about buying a home.
The American dream. I get it.
-It's great owning a home.
-Yeah.
But I met a guy in Little Rock.
He bought a place for like $140,000.
-He's a bartender.
-Yeah.
You know, this place,
you could get for $300,000.
-When you got it for $300,000, right?
-Yeah.
So, from what I'm seeing,
it's still possible here.
-Oh, yeah.
-Right?
So, Pine Bluff
has areas like any other city
that you could literally
buy a house for $10,000.
-I just went through those neighborhoods.
-If you're in the wrong area.
But like this, and then
we've got some other areas in town.
the country club's right down the road.
You just don't think about those things
just because of the stigma.
-You don't know until you go.
-Yeah.
I saw this house,
I was actually on vacation.
My cousin sent it to me.
I was like, yeah.
Like all these built-in things.
Those are speakers.
Like old school speakers.
So, they gifted us this.
And I only keep this
for nostalgia, of course,
but the little tube TV
from whenever they lived here.
-Yeah. You got a VCR. Nice.
-Yeah.
So, I grew up in foster care.
And I was five
whenever I was taken from my family.
And it was this little white house.
And whenever my cousin sent me this house,
it was just so…
It was like, wow.
The Lord is so good.
This is gonna be my house.
From little bitty white house
going into foster care.
-Wow. You went into foster care
until you're what? A late teen?
15, yeah.
-And then you were out?
-Yeah.
-On your own?
-On my own.
-At 15?
-Yeah.
-How'd you make your way?
-It was hard.
-Where'd you grow up?
Well, have you seen Quapaw in Little Rock?
-No.
Quapaw area,
if you go Downtown, Little Rock,
Quapaw is like the original part of it.
-I think I went there.
-Yeah.
So, we had an apartment there.
-It's a long story.
-Okay.
But yeah, my mom,
she was just not a good mom.
And she had an apartment for me
and she didn't have time
to take me to school,
which I wasn't begging her to at 14, 15.
And I met this guy,
and… [laughs]
my only requirement at the time
was that he drove a car.
So that was pretty easy.
So anyway, we were married,
had two beautiful kids.
And Shane and I,
this is my second marriage,
we've been married for 20 years.
-Oh, congrats. What a journey.
-So we're…
-So anything's possible.
-That's right.
It's about mindset, a lot of it, right?
Well, my personal belief is that the Lord,
even in chaos, can give you joy.
So I've just kind of lived that way
my whole life. Just…
-So because of the Lord,
guided you through.
Yeah.
-Got you here.
-Yeah.
Not the house, but the place.
Like we go through cr*p, you know,
our lives are real, you know.
-Everyone does, right?
-That's right.
Everyone's got their own level
of BS they're dealing with.
Yeah. Absolutely.
And so, we're just thankful
for our little spot.
It's not so little.
It's pretty huge, actually. Yeah.
-Yeah.
-But it's great.
So you said you were doing what for work?
So I'm an advocate for foster children.
And so what that means is
I know a lot about the fun laws.
I've spoken on Capitol Hill.
I've done a lot of really big things.
I grew up in foster care and I want to
help those that are there now.
How is it right now for kids?
I hate to commodify it,
but there's a supply and demand, right?
You need to have enough supply
of foster parents for the demand.
Is there enough?
Yeah. So if you saw
the recent numbers for just the entire US,
the big number is 52.
So there are 52 houses
for every hundred children.
So you've got a deficit.
So there's just so much work to be done.
If there was one thing that I would add
to the need for foster parents,
it's trauma inform…
Informing and training
the foster parents more.
-Okay.
You get these kids like me, you know,
I had a lot of stuff to deal with.
I was abused
before I came into foster care.
So you're dealing with
an abused five-year-old.
-You're not dealing with a five-year old.
-Right.
So they really need
trauma informed training.
And people just love, you know,
they're called to love and they do.
And then they have these kids
that have these big problems.
And they don't know how to deal with it.
So training.
-Okay.
-Training is a big one.
You can have a hundred houses
for a hundred kids and it not work out.
'Cause you can unadopt a child
from foster care.
So they can go into foster care.
You can adopt them and then realize they're
not good for your home and send them back.
-And then that damages the kid even more.
I've heard of some two and three times
just adopted back and forth.
-And Pine Bluff, how is it for kids
in this city or just really depends?
Pine Bluff is a very poverished area.
So we have a lot of need.
-You have a lot of need? Okay.
-Yeah.
-So you're trying to help.
-Yeah. Any way I can.
-Cool.
-Yeah.
Stephanie.
-So nice to meet you. Glad you popped in.
-Great to meet you.
-Great to meet you. It's because of Alex.
-Yeah. Alex is a cool guy.
To Pine Bluff.
-Okay. Sorry. I didn't have that on camera.
You said people from Saline County…
Ask me, "Man, people move
from Pine Bluff, not to Pine Bluff."
[Alex] I've been hearing that all my life.
And this is just a hidden jewel.
I mean, man, just the camaraderie.
I lived in Saline County 15 years.
Same house, knew all my neighbors.
Knew people all around me.
But this here
is a different level of people.
-You know all your neighbors here?
-Every neighbor in here.
-So you guys look out for each other?
This whole neighborhood
has a Christmas party every year.
Everybody comes.
We block all this off right here
and have a fall fest.
Neighbors, like not all of them,
but a large majority of them
will meet here.
We'll all dress up like we had
Wizard of Oz this past year.
And we had Wizard of Oz playing
on a big jumbo screen in his yard.
And had the little deal.
Had a little photo op set up
for the kids to come up and do a photo op.
-Just super cool.
-That is amazing.
Even when we come down here,
I didn't even have any idea
how cool the people…
Just doing life with you.
You know, you have a problem? [snaps]
Man, I could make a phone call…
If I had that tree go down, there would be
15 people over here with chainsaws.
-You guys are like Amish.
-Yeah.
Just all kind of gathered up, man. Hey.
-You move a barn.
-Get in where you fit in. [laughs]
Great stuff. Thank you so much.
-Good to see you, buddy.
-Yes, sir.
-You guys be safe.
-Take care, Shane.
Man, my head is spinning
from not expecting to see this today.
-Yeah, dude. What a grand old house.
[Peter] It's interesting coming from
the outside with Pine Bluff, right?
I said earlier that
everything's always going in a cycle.
-Places go up, they go down.
-Right.
I could imagine potentially,
maybe I'm being just
optimistic in the moment,
but 10, 20, maybe 30 years,
this place is just…
It could have a totally different feel.
It definitely has a lot of potential.
And I think that the more awareness
that gets brought to Pine Bluff,
the more that businesses may see it
and want to come back and build again.
-It's just the crime has to get down.
-Absolutely. That's the biggest problem.
Nobody wants to move into high crime.
And I get it.
It's what part of town you're in.
-But overall, it's a tough sell.
-Yeah.
Like, to tell your…
Oh, look at how cool that place is.
Oh, man. I love that place.
It's a tough sell being like, hey, wifey,
let's move to the place with, you know…
-Yeah, right.
-…an outrageous homicide rate.
Yeah.
Tough sell.
But again, everything's regionalized.
It's like where you're at
and where things are happening.
-Yeah. I even thought about
buying some of the land up here
while it's at
the market value that it's at.
Well, I have to be real about it.
It doesn't make financial sense to me,
but it would be
a good opportunity for someone.
All the businesses moved out
closest to the highway.
Okay. So, classic American story.
The Walmart on the outskirts
offering everything.
All the businesses come out here.
People do their shopping here.
-Downtown dies out. Right?
-Absolutely right.
I mean, I'm not doing a value judgment.
-I'm just saying that's what it is.
-It's 100% accurate.
It's like this all around
the outside of the city.
All the businesses that left
downtown and around downtown
came up around the highway.
So no one has to go into
the more crime-ridden areas to shop or eat.
Okay. But if you get the crime down
and then you get those really cool
businesses back in those buildings,
that place has soul.
-Absolutely.
-Pine Bluff. You can walk around.
It's cool. It's interesting.
-This has no soul out here.
-Yeah.
You pull in your car, you shop, you leave.
Yeah. Corporate America.
There's nothing you'd hang out for.
It's one of
a thousand situations in the country.
So, we're coming up on
Bayou Bartholomew right here.
-Okay.
And you'll be able to
get a good shot of the bayou.
It's the longest bayou in the world.
It goes all the way down to Louisiana.
It's one of the oldest bayous
in the world and the longest.
-I love the bayou.
-Yeah.
And the more you get south of Little Rock,
the more swamp land you'll see.
A lot more alligators, and snakes,
and more swamp marshlands,
and stuff like that
as you get into northern Louisiana
and Mississippi, the Delta region.
The mall closed in 2020 and that's when
some of those census went down.
It's actually quite interesting
with the mall.
This is the access
from the hotel to the old Sears.
-The door is open.
-Yeah.
This is actually the movie theater inside.
What's crazy is
I used to come here all the time.
And it's just been destroyed
from the inside basically.
Not long ago, you could stay
at the Holiday Inn. People still do.
But not long ago, you could go to a movie
and step into this mall.
Who are these guys?
Probably people just like us.
-[Peter] What's up, you guys?
-[man] Nothing much.
How's it going in there?
We just got in here. We heard you guys.
I said, oh,
I'd rather see them before they see us.
-[Peter] All right.
-[woman] But it's pretty cool.
Well, we're not gonna kill you
and you're not gonna kill us.
Yeah. We'd rather travel in a bigger group
if they were willing to come look.
-But it's sick.
-Okay.
I've been told homeless, so just in case.
-You got an axe. Okay.
Do you want to go under the light?
-We're making a YouTube video.
-Absolutely. We're doing TikToks.
Are you… What are you, seven feet tall?
-Six foot eight.
-D***.
You play hoops? You dunk it?
-No. I'm into, like, fishing, dude.
-All right.
So, this place was just…
Can you point the light over there?
Do you mind if I grab your light, actually?
I'll just point it with the camera. Thanks.
Okay. So, did you guys see anyone in here?
-No. Not yet.
We've been through the Walmart.
-Which entrance did y'all come in?
-This one.
So, there's no signs
that says you can't open or go in.
-Doors are open.
-We've asked locals.
They said people come and go all the time.
-There are no "No trespassing" signs.
-No. It's frequent in the area.
They make sure that people are…
-Okay.
-This is the old theater.
-No. It's over there.
-Is it really?
-Right there.
-Oh, I see.
You can actually see the rooms.
Do you guys remember when this was open?
We looked at…
We're not from here. We're from Dallas.
I'm staying here for two days working.
-Now you're walking around a mall,
a defunct mall with an axe in your hand.
-Yup.
-Okay.
So, I remember when it was open, man.
I came here as a kid
and then up till it closed.
-You're from here?
-Yeah.
They had a Hibbett Sports in here.
It's like the only Hibbett Sports.
Here's a fentanyl zone.
-Look at all that foil.
-Yeah.
They're just burning it.
And there's water
just pouring in from somewhere.
[water splashing]
[Peter] Bit creepy. It would be at night.
-Oh, yeah.
-At night would be sketch.
-We almost came last night.
Yeah. I wouldn't recommend it.
This mall is massive.
And I'm not recommending this
for anyone else who's watching this.
Don't do what I do half the time.
-So, this used to be
like the play zone for kids right here.
Massive play zone.
-So, you guys think
anyone's in here right now?
That wouldn't surprise me.
I feel like they're sleeping.
Especially in the dark.
We've been told
there's homeless in here sometimes.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Well, they got their
fentanyl meth parties over there.
Yeah. All this stuff. Jeez.
You want to find the security room?
Yeah. We're gonna explore this place.
-I got nothing going on all day.
-You going all in?
-Yep.
All right, guys.
May the force be with you both.
-You too.
-You guys have a good day.
-Take care, you guys.
-See you guys.
Alex, that's exactly
what I'd be doing at their age.
Well, I'm doing it at my age.
-Me too.
I used to do stuff like that all the time.
-I mean, it's just mysterious and there's
a bit of a danger element to it.
This feels like civilization
is just lost and everyone's dead.
-Oh, yeah.
-This is what…
You come to the mall and what's left.
The biggest thing that happened here was
a new company bought it.
They were running it.
There was only three or four stores open.
But people were still coming here.
And they got in trouble
with the health department
because they got caught
living in this mall, the owners.
-Okay.
-So they shut it down.
And about six or so months later,
somebody started a fire in here.
And it's been a mystery
of who started the fire ever since.
After that,
there was just no…
people just gave up on saving it.
Do you feel it on your lips
a little right now?
Yeah.
That's when you're around meth,
fentanyl residue, I think.
I think that's what that is.
I've felt that before. I got…
I went into a fentanyl tent
in Phoenix once.
That wasn't fun.
And it hit me right in the face.
I don't like that. I was starting to feel
something on my lips.
Yeah. You feel it on your lips.
I hear you.
-All right. Time to go.
-Yep.
All right, Alex.
Man, meeting you
really cranked up the dial on this video.
Awesome, dude.
I'm happy about you saying that.
Oh, man.
You're right.
My lips were, like, tingling, man.
Yeah. They tingle around that stuff.
I don't know what that is,
but I think it's either fentanyl or meth.
It seems sort of fresh in there.
This is the old Walmart.
They moved to another location
out on the highway,
and they never did anything
with the building.
-So… Just let it be.
-Just let it be.
[Alex] The parking lot's
turned into an actual swamp.
-Yeah. The swamp's taking it back.
Do they have any plans
to level this thing or do anything with it?
They talked about it
but they haven't done anything about it.
So, it'll probably sit here for another
25 years before they do anything with it.
The casino was actually offered to buy it,
and they turned it down.
-And you said you wanted to show me
one more thing and that was the casino.
-Yeah.
-'Cause that's a big part
of the Pine Bluff story, right?
-Yeah. That's a huge part of it nowadays.
This here is the front of the mall.
-There you go.
-You would have walked through these doors
and there would have been
an incredible food court.
I mean, absolutely awesome area
to check out.
A lot of glass all over the place.
Really beautiful tiles.
And the only thing that's left
is the Dillard's down here.
-It's still open?
-It's still open.
-No way.
-It's the only part that's survived.
-Yeah.
And it's only because Dillard's
owns this side of the building.
-Shout out to Dillard's.
Yeah. They didn't leave.
And they still keep up their maintenance.
Yeah, right? They trim their hedges
and keep the grass good.
I mean, at least somebody's
trying to do something.
-This is a bummer for you.
-Yeah, it is.
-And there it is. That's the casino.
-That's it.
-Okay, we're going right over there.
-Absolutely.
-Last stop.
-So, this is Indian Gaming out here?
-Yes.
When did this go up?
So, they've been working on this
for three or four years now.
They've just now finished
the portion where the hotel is.
-Okay. Why is such a big casino here?
We're sort of out there.
-So delta areas,
particularly in Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Arkansas,
a lot of the Native casinos
will build up in these poverished areas.
And they're only here
because they know that
someone's gonna come gamble
and drink their money away
instead of paying their rent this month.
In these areas,
people have addiction problems.
It's either drugs, booze, or gambling.
And they know they're gonna come in
and spend their check each month
at the casino instead of
buying groceries or something like that.
That's a huge problem here.
I mean, nothing
we're gonna be able to do to fix it,
but it's the nature of the beast.
-Okay. And other people are coming
because there's a show going on.
They want to go out to dinner
with their husband or wife.
-Right. Absolutely.
-I don't want to
put everyone under the bus.
-Right. Absolutely. There's people
that come from all over to go to shows.
-And that's Quapaw Nation?
-Quapaw Nation. Yeah.
So for those outside of the US,
there's different jurisdictions.
So I don't think you can just gamble.
You can't set up a casino
anywhere in Arkansas.
-No.
-So it has to be on Native tribe land.
So I'm just pushing back on what you said
'cause they probably can only build here.
Right. Right.
And that's probably a possibility but
you got places like Tunica, Mississippi.
Those aren't owned by Natives.
There might be a handful
that are owned by Natives,
but they're in that area of Tunica
because it's a poverished area.
They do it on purpose.
Just like Greenville, Mississippi,
which is only…
-I went there.
-…about an hour from here.
They put a casino right on the river,
right in the most poverished areas.
-Yeah, that's true.
I was in Greenville.
That's a privately owned.
That's not owned by the tribe.
Yeah. Okay. So find a clientele that you
know they're gonna get monthly checks.
Absolutely.
And they're a little weaker-willed
with blowing their money at a casino.
That's a win-win all day, man.
And this is a Latino workforce
that makes this all happen.
-Yeah, absolutely.
[Peter speaking Spanish]
-Venezuela.
[men giggling]
Mexico.
-Mexico?
-Yeah, Mexico.
I mean, look at our last hour.
We're in that Gucci neighborhood.
-Looks beautiful.
-Right.
-We're in the meth mall.
-Yeah.
And then we're on Native lands
with the Native casino
with all the Hispanics building it.
-Yeah, man.
-And it's just like…
I'll tell you what.
-The country's stimulating.
-Yeah, it's…
-We live in a wild place, man.
-It is wild and mixed up.
-Yeah. For sure.
-And I love it.
Heck yeah, man.
Well, Alex. Glad I met you, man.
-You too, man.
-That was awesome.
Anything else you want to say
about Pine Bluff?
Man, all I got to say is
we hope that change comes here.
It could get worse than this,
but we hope not.
But we hope that it changes and
the community gets built back up
and businesses come back in.
That's all we can hope for.
People like Peter coming here
and putting Pine Bluff on the map…
-…when it's got such a bad rap for so long.
-Okay.
I think that it might do some good here.
So…
-Well, I met great people today.
-Yeah.
-Awesome people.
Thank you all
to the Pine Bluffians out there
who got on camera, told your story.
And thank you, Alex.
That was awesome.
And guys,
I have a whole Arkansas series here.
-The next video, I'm going to Bentonville.
-Oh, wow.
-Which is a totally different Arkansas.
-Yeah, absolutely. You're gonna love it.
-Other side of the tracks, right?
-Yup. Absolutely.
And if you want to see
my first Arkansas video,
Arkansas first impressions,
I shot that in Little Rock.
That was awesome.
That should be around here.
Thanks for coming along
on that journey, you guys.
Until the next one.
-Now you're part of it, Alex.
-Thanks, man.
[jazz music]